Oh, Katharina, my love. My spark behind every smile. The feet behind my every heartbeat.
My love, they broke the mold of dreams. I could never have dreamed a love as wonderful
as you. So, I mean, don't worry, I'm not putting you on a pedestal. You're not perfect. I'm
not perfect, but that's not necessary. It's not even possible to define it. But I love
you and your love means more to me than anything. So, good evening. And I hope it's been a good
day. And I know tomorrow, which will be my tonight, you'll be doing the, you'll be creating
the Alpan Family brunch event, the tradition. So, I hope that goes great tomorrow. I hope
tonight you're sleeping in your own bed, because I know last night you didn't. So, either way,
just if you're tired or anything like that, or if you're feeling good too, think of me,
because I'm constantly looking at you in here, in here, focusing all of my love and my life
force to you. It's yours. I am yours. Everything I am and I have and can do is yours. So, and
that includes breaking out of my own boxes and transcending my own illusions. I guess
everyone has them. So, anyway, that's what they call in Buddhism, human revolution.
Nothing to do with politics. Anyway, darling, you might have belonged to another. We might
never have met. You might have chosen another for you, a much better bet. You could have
married a captain of a luxury ship at sea. There was a wizard at polo. What a socialite
he. Remember the movie director who made 10,000 a week? And there was a diamond collector
who had the same technique. You knew a prince, a duke and a lord. You had your choice of
the three. You might have belonged to another. But by luck, you settled for me. I'm going
to do everything I possibly can so that you'll never regret it. And whatever that takes.
Anyway, my darling, it is a beautiful day today. A little bit on the warm side, but not bad.
I'm getting a little bit of a later start just because of the logistics of working around
the internet outage. The technician will be here on Tuesday to take care of it. And in
the meantime, my phone is an internet router or an internet hotspot. But it means that in
the morning, I have to wake Sophia up from hibernation and then put her back into hibernation.
Or she has to go back into hibernation when I step out. But that's all right. And that's
the temporary situation. Cassarina, I want you to know, and I hope that I don't seem
trite or like I'm being glib or anything like that. Everything I'm telling you and sharing
is straight from my heart. It's one of my deepest truths. I love you. And I'm in love
with you. And I'm utterly, totally committed to your happiness, your wellbeing, your fulfillment,
the realization of your dreams and missions and my dreams and missions and those missions
and dreams that we will share together. And I am yours always forever unconditionally
with all my heart, mind, body and soul. I am and I'll always be yours.
